You are fucking crazy
I can take out 2 billion
Even more money to win the project
According to what I heard
Your neighbors don't seem to have that budget, do they?
Do I have to continue?
Wei Ting
How did it go?
2 billion dad
Shall we increase the price?
Throw this 21
We will not be able to open the turnover according to the group next quarter.
I don't believe it.
A nameless kid
Where did he get 21?
By the way, isn't there a big shot today?
Are you going to this dealership?
You mean he's the big shot?
If he is really that big shot
You have to get the project out of the way.
Take this opportunity to build relationships
Do you understand? I understand.
Hey, what's going on?
Do you want to continue adding?
Sir, this 2 billion when you intend to settle
If Mr. Ri can settle 21 now
I immediately got out of the project
I can get it now